-Baltimore-Incarceration Tab-
1. Opened Excel file with the original incarceration data of all parent income in Baltimore
2. Sorted out neighborhoods that end with Baltimore, MD - selected the Name column and clicked Text to Column function. Then clicked comma and then freezed the top row and inserted a filter. Then, for City column, just sorted out the ones that contain Baltimore by using the filter function. 
3. Used Vlookup to combine incarceration rate fo 75th percentile parent income, 50th percentile, 25th percentile from other workbooks that contain the original data. I used the unique tract number to combine different data. 
4. Then, I calculated the min value by using the MIN function and max value using the MAX function and skewness by using the SKEW function
5. To make a histogram chart for the incarceration rate of 75th percentile, I first made a range on the left side, and used FREQUENCY function on the right side to figure out how many numbers of neighborhoods belong to each range of incarceration rate.  
6. Then I selected both range and number of neighborhoods columns and clicked Insert tab and clikced the column graph. Then I clicked the Chart Design tab, and clicked Add Chart Element and added Axis titles and Chart Title
7. I followed the same steps for both 50th percentile and 25th percentile
8. Then for the combined linear graph, I selected the range and the number of neighborhoods column for 75th percentile and while I was pressing the command key, I also selected the number of neighborhoods columns for both 50th percentile and 25th percentile. Then I clicked Insert tab and clicked the line graph. Then I also clicked the Add Chart Elements function to add title and axis titles. To change the legend names, I had to double-click the graph and click select data and change the name there. 

-Washington, DC-Incarceration Tab- 
1. Opened Excel file with the original incarceration data of all parent income in Washington, DC
2. Sorted out neighborhoods that end with Washington, DC - selected the Name column and clicked Text to Column function. Then clicked comma and then freezed the top row and inserted a filter. Then, for City column, just sorted out the ones that contain Washington by using the filter function. 
3. Then I followed the exact same steps as my Baltimore-Incarceration Tab

-Combined Linear Graph Tab-
1. First, I selected the range and the number of neighborhoods columns of 75th percentile parent income from Baltimore incarceration tab and also while pressing the commmand key, I selected the number of neighborhoods columns for both 50th and 25th percentile.
2. While still pressing the command key I clicked the Washington, DC Incarceration tab
3. Then I also selected the number of neighborhoods columns for 75th, 50th, 25th percentile 
4. Then I copied those data and pasted on a new tab 
5. After I selected the data that I pasted, I clicked the Insert tab and clicked the linear graph
6. Then I added title for the graph and axis titles by clicking the Add Chart Element under Chart Design tab
7. Then by double clicking each line graph, I changed the Dash Type and the color under Format Chart Area.

-Pivot Table Tab-
1. To make a pivot table, I selected the data in the Baltimore incarceration tab from tract number column to incarceration-25th percentile parent income column 
2. Then I clicked Pivot Table function under Insert tab and created a pivot table on a new worksheet
3. Then for Rows, I put my neighborhood values and for values, I put incarceration rate of all, 75th, 50th, 25th percentile 
4. Then by clicking the small i icon next to each value item, I selected the average value to change each item to average. 
5. I also followed the same steps for pivot table for Washington, DC except that I selected the range of data from the Washington, DC Incarceration tab
6. Then to make line graphs based on the pivot table data, I selected the top title row (only for 75th, 50th and 25th) and the grand total values for each respective column (75th,50th, and 25th)
7. And I copied and pasted the selected data on the right side and changed the column title to simply just 75, 50, and 25
8. I followed the same steps for Washington pivot table
9. After I copied and pasted both cities data, I clicked Insert tab and clicked Tables icon to make a table
10. Then I selected the first baltimore table (Not the pivot table) that I made and clicked Insert tab and clicked line graph
11. Then I had to click Switch Row/Column under Chart Design to make an appropriate chart 
12. And I followed the same steps to make a chart for Washington table
13. Then for both charts, I clicked Add Chart Element to add title and axis titles also to add data lables above each data point for the line graph 
